# Copyright

Information in this document is provided in connection with Suprema products. No license, express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise, to any intellectual property rights is granted by this document. Except as provided in Suprema's Terms and Conditions of Sale for such products, Suprema assumes no liability whatsoever, and Suprema disclaims any express or implied warranty, relating to sale and/or use of Suprema products including liability or warranties relating to fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, or infringement of any patent, copyright or other intellectual property right. Suprema products are not intended for use in medical, life saving, life sustaining applications, or other applications in which the failure of the Suprema product could create a situation where personal injury or death may occur. Should Buyer purchase or use Suprema products for any such unintended or unauthorized application, Buyer shall indemnify and hold Suprema and its officers, employees, subsidiaries, affiliates, and distributors harmless against all claims, costs, damages, and expenses, and reasonable attorney fees arising out of, directly or indirectly, any claim of personal injury or death associated with such unintended or unauthorized use, even if such claim alleges that Suprema was negligent regarding the design or manufacture of the part. Suprema reserves the right to make changes to specifications and product descriptions at any time without notice to improve reliability, function, or design. Designers must not rely on the absence or characteristics of any features or instructions marked "reserved" or "undefined." Suprema reserves these for future definition and shall have no responsibility whatsoever for conflicts or incompatibilities arising from future changes to them. Contact your local Suprema sales office or your distributor to obtain the latest specifications and before placing your product order.

Copyright © by Suprema Inc., 2010

*Third-party brands and names are the property of their respective owners.
